OSDOCS-16940: DITA abstracts — OLM admin/user topics (#115359)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-updating-use-operatorconditions.adoc

[id="olm-updating-use-operatorconditions_{context}"]
= Updating your Operator to use Operator conditions

> [role="_abstract"]
> Operator authors can update an Operator in {product-title} to report its status through Operator conditions that Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) reconciles. OLM creates an `OperatorCondition` resource for each `ClusterServiceVersion` and grants RBAC for condition management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) automatically creates an `OperatorCondition` resource for each `ClusterServiceVersion` resource that it reconciles. All service accounts in the CSV are granted the RBAC to interact with the `OperatorCondition` owned by the Operator.
```
